docs(aws-lambda) update docs for 3.0.0 (#1549)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/index.md

  dbless_compatible: yes
  config:
    - name: aws_key

>       required: false

Author: ```suggestion
      required: semi
```

      value_in_examples: AWS_KEY
      urlencode_in_examples: true
      default:
      description: The AWS key credential to be used when invoking the function. This value is required if `aws_secret` is defined.
    - name: aws_secret

>       required: false

Author: ```suggestion
      required: semi
```

      description: |
        An optional value that defines whether the response format to receive from the Lambda to [this format](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-lambda-proxy-integrations.html#api-gateway-simple-proxy-for-lambda-output-format). Note that the parameter `isBase64Encoded` is not implemented.
    - name: awsgateway_compatible
      required: false
      default: "`false`"
      description: |
        An optional value that defines whether the plugin should wrap requests into the Amazon API gateway.
    - name: proxy_url
      required: semi
      default:
      description: |
        An optional value that defines whether the plugin should connect through the given proxy server URL. This value is required if `proxy_scheme` is defined.
    - name: proxy_scheme
      required: semi
      default:
      description: |
        An optional value that defines which HTTP protocol scheme to use in order to connect through the proxy server. The schemes supported are: `http` and `https`. This value is required if `proxy_url` is defined.
    - name: skip_large_bodies
      required: false
      default: "`true`"
      description: |

>         An optional value that defines whether very large bodies (that are buffered to disk) should be sent by Kong. Note that sending very large bodies will have an impact on the system memory.

Reviewer: Since "very large" is ambiguous, can we provide the actual size for the threshold?

Reviewer 2: that is deteremined by the Nginx config directive that sets the value of when to start caching to disk. Don't have it handy....

Author: @Tieske would that be the directive you're referring to? http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#client_body_buffer_size

Author: @Tieske specifically: https://docs.konghq.com/1.3.x/configuration/#client_body_buffer_size

So maybe changing the above description to

"An optional value that defines whether very large bodies (that are buffered to disk) should be sent by Kong. The actual size for the threshold is defined via the [client_body_buffer_size](https://docs.konghq.com/latest/configuration/#client_body_buffer_size) configuration property. Note that sending very large bodies will have an impact on the system memory."

will suffice?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        An optional value that defines whether Kong should send large bodies that are buffered to disk. To define the threshold for the body size, use [client_body_buffer_size](https://docs.konghq.com/latest/configuration/#client_body_buffer_size) property. Note that sending large bodies will have an impact on system memory.
```

Reviewer: @murillopaula , I committed the suggestion. @Tieske may issue a PR if he wants to, it's GTG as is.

### Known Issues

### Notes

> When the IAM roles are used (default, if no `aws.key` / `aws.secret` is provided), the plugin will first try ECS metadata, and if not available it will fallback on EC2 metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not provide `aws.key` or `aws.secret`, the plugin uses an IAM role inherited from the instance running Kong. 

First, the plugin will try ECS metadata to get the role. If no ECS metadata is available, the plugin will fall back on EC2 metadata.
```
